{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi Skymap Games Team! As an experienced game developer with over 5 years of professional game design experience, I see myself as an ideal candidate to join your team. I've worked in many teams, large and small, and have delivered everything from user flows and design documents to functional prototypes to demonstrate game ideas and refine them based on feedback.\
\
At Playtika I led a team of designers to implement new user-first features in our award-winning game, Bingo Blitz. I collaborated with other designers and our marketing department to create new game features that balanced user experience with internal metrics and performance goals. I clearly communicated how new features would look and work with presentations, user flows, mockups and even playable prototypes that I created myself with my programming background!\
\
More recently I've made games under my own label, Lucid Sheep Games. I have two published titles and have led both design and programming for both. My first game, #Breakforcist, is a great showcase of simple UI and design that is easy to understand but fun to play and master. It's been featured on websites like Kotaku and Touch Arcade and was even featured on the App Store several times.\
\
I love making games and have been passionate for them my entire life. I will work hard to deliver great experiences for players that also meet our internal goals for engagement, retention and growth. I take feedback seriously and will refine features until they're perfect, I know how to sweat the details. \
\
I hope to talk to your team soon!\
\
Best,\
Kevin John}